These are the steps for running WRF. Now, the method is very different depending on what you want to use;
thus, this readme is split into four sections: "HOST", "NATIVE", "SYMMETRIC", and "AUTOMATIC OFFLOAD".

RUNNING FOR THE HOST ONLY
  1. Make sure you have compiled WRF for running just on the host.
  2. Copy all of the given data into a single directory. These files will include a "namelist.input",
       some sort of "RRTM_DATA", and a "wrfinput*" if you're lucky.  If it does not include anything
       starting with "wrfinput", then you must first run the input that you're given through either
       real.exe or ideal.exe, depending on if you are trying to run a real or ideal case.  This program
       will then output a "wrfinput*" file, and you can move to the next step.
  3. Look at your namelist.input file, as it is very important.  At the top of the file, you'll find that
       you can set the dates and times that you want WRF to output into frames of forecasting, as well as
       various other parameters that SCC will give us.  This file is also the biggest culprit for failed WRF
       runs; if a run fails, check the file rsl.error.0000 to see what's up.  If the namelist.input that 
       you're given is made for another version of WRF, you'll have to attempt to do your run a few times to
       find all of the minor tweaks that you'll have to make to make it compatible, but it will still work.  
       I have already changed the namelist.input files that were provided by Reuben.
  4. You are now ready to run WRF.  Look at some of my run scripts (aptly named "benrun_*"), and look at the
     syntax for the mpiexec command.  If you're running it on the host, then you can just copy the 
     environment variables from one of my scripts to put the MKL libraries, the MPI libraries, 
     and other various Intel libraries into your LD_LIBRARY_PATH. WRF is very good about 
     checking this variable to find the libraries that it needs.
     If you're running on the Phi, then adding "/lib64" to your LD_LIBRARY_PATH is 
     sufficient, but other variables need to be set; for example, OMP_NUM_THREADS tells 
     WRF how many OpenMP threads to use, which you're going to want to use.
  5. Remember to get into a screen session, and run your script.
